---
layout: page
head.title: Data Enineer in Pharma Research
description: Discover innovative projects at the intersection of data engineering, machine learning, and interactive visualizations.
title: About me
---

::hero
---
image: '/alpine-0.webp'
---
#title
Welcome to My Digital Canvas

#description

- Passionate about creating interactive applications, using modern data stacks like dbt and Snowflake, and the art of effective documentation.
- Dive into my past projects, ranging from full-stack development to machine learning human-in-the-loop systems.
- For a twist of creativity, check out my cooking recipes and experiments with generative AI tools like Dall-e.
::

Welcome to my portfolio page! Here, you'll find a showcase of my journey as a Data Engineer and my explorations beyond traditional boundaries. My passion lies in crafting interactive applications, whether it's through machine learning human-in-the-loop systems or visually engaging data presentations.

My professional path has seen me evolve from a Fullstack Developer to a Data Engineer in the pharmaceutical research domain. The core of my expertise revolves around modern data stack technologies like dbt and Snowflake, backed by a strong belief in the power of thorough documentation.

In this digital space, I present a collection of projects that span various aspects of my career. You'll see how I blend technical prowess with creative problem-solving to deliver innovative solutions. Additionally, for a personal touch, I've included some of my favorite cooking recipes - a testament to my love for culinary arts and a playful exploration of the Nuxt content page.
::gallery
---
images:
  - /alpine-0.webp
  - /alpine-1.webp
  - /alpine-2.webp
---
::
